docs/getting_started/existing_bundle.md, before:

# Migrating your existing bundle to nodecg-io

This guide explains to you how to migrate an existing NodeCG bundle that already
meets your requirements to use nodecg-io. nodecg-io manages service
configuration and authentication, so your bundle doesn't have to bother with it.

If you are lucky and used the same library as we do for the service you want to
migrate, nodecg-io is a drop-in replacement just doing authentication and
configuration. If you have used another library, you'll have to do a little more
work to migrate to the library that our service uses. In that case make sure
that the migration is worth the effort. You can use nodecg-io for one service
and use your own library of choice for other services if you like to.

## Install `nodecg-io-core`

The first thing you need to do is to install `nodecg-io-core`. You can do this
simply using this npm command:

```shell
npm install nodecg-io-core
```

## Import `requireService`

Now that you have `nodecg-io-core` installed in your bundle you can import the
`requireService` function that it exposes:

=== "TypeScript/ES Modules"

    ```typescript
    import { requireService } from "nodecg-io-core";
    ```

=== "CommonJS"

    ```javascript
    const requireService = require("nodecg-io-core").requireService;
    ```

## Import Service type (TypeScript only)

If you're using TypeScript, you'll also need to install the package of the
service that you want to use. You need it to be able to import its type for type
safety.

This example uses `twitch-chat` as an example, but you can just replace it with
the name of the service you need.

```shell
npm install nodecg-io-twitch-chat
```

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    import { TwitchChatServiceClient } from "nodecg-io-twitch-chat";
    ```

!!! NOTE

    You can get the name of the type by using autocomplete in your editor or by
    looking it up in the service sample.

## Require the service

Now you can finally tell nodecg-io that you want to get access to a service
using the `requireService` function. You'll have to pass your NodeCG instance
which is used to identify your bundle and the name of the service you want. In
case of TypeScript you'll also need to provide the type of the service.

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    const twitchChat = requireService<TwitchChatServiceClient>(nodecg, "twitch-chat");
    ```

=== "JavaScript"

    ```javascript
    const twitchChat = requireService(nodecg, "twitch-chat");
    ```

## Accessing the service client

### Using `onAvailable` and `onUnavailable` handlers

You can set up handlers that are executed when the user assigns a service
instance to your bundle, removes the assignment or when the service client got
updated in some way.

Handlers added with `onAvailable` will get called if there was a change, and you
got a client:

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    // This is the variable with the return value of requireService().
    // You may want to change the variable name for the service you are using.
    twitchChat.onAvailable((client) => {
        nodecg.log.info("Client was set");
        // You can use the passed client in here to e.g. setup handlers on the client
    });
    ```

`onAvailable` is especially useful to add event handlers to clients. E.g., if
you want to react to donations or chat messages you can add event handlers for
these here.

Handlers added with `onUnavailable` will get called if the user unassigned your
bundle from service instance or if there was an error in service client
creation:

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    twitchChat.onUnavailable(() => {
        nodecg.log.info("Client was unset");
    });
    ```

### Using `getClient`

Instead of callbacks you can also get access to the client directly:

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    const twitchChatClient = twitchChat.getClient();
    ```

`getClient` will return the client if your bundle has an assigned service
instance that has produced a service client without error and will return
`undefined` otherwise. This is useful for when you want to use the client due to
some external event or from `onAvailable` handlers of other services.

Commit message:

Add step to add service bundles as bundle dependencies to migration guide

docs/getting_started/existing_bundle.md, after:

# Migrating your existing bundle to nodecg-io

This guide explains to you how to migrate an existing NodeCG bundle that already
meets your requirements to use nodecg-io. nodecg-io manages service
configuration and authentication, so your bundle doesn't have to bother with it.

If you are lucky and used the same library as we do for the service you want to
migrate, nodecg-io is a drop-in replacement just doing authentication and
configuration. If you have used another library, you'll have to do a little more
work to migrate to the library that our service uses. In that case make sure
that the migration is worth the effort. You can use nodecg-io for one service
and use your own library of choice for other services if you like to.

## Install `nodecg-io-core`

The first thing you need to do is to install `nodecg-io-core`. You can do this
simply using this npm command:

```shell
npm install nodecg-io-core
```

## Add the service bundle as a bundle dependency

To ensure that NodeCG loads the service bundle you need before your bundle you
need to add it as a `bundleDependency` to your bundle.
To do that for e.g. the `twitch-chat` service you add it to your bundles
`package.json` file like this:

```json
    ...
    "nodecg": {
        "compatibleRange": "^1.4.0",
        "bundleDependencies": {
            "nodecg-io-twitch-chat": "^0.2.0"
        }
    }
    ...
```

Change the bundle name and version accordingly. 
You need to specify each service your bundle needs here as a bundle dependency.
Just don't forget to add a comma as a separator between the multiple bundles.

## Import `requireService`

Now that you have `nodecg-io-core` installed in your bundle you can import the
`requireService` function that it exposes:

=== "TypeScript/ES Modules"

    ```typescript
    import { requireService } from "nodecg-io-core";
    ```

=== "CommonJS"

    ```javascript
    const requireService = require("nodecg-io-core").requireService;
    ```

## Import Service type (TypeScript only)

If you're using TypeScript, you'll also need to install the package of the
service that you want to use. You need it to be able to import its type for type
safety.

This example uses `twitch-chat` as an example, but you can just replace it with
the name of the service you need.

```shell
npm install nodecg-io-twitch-chat
```

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    import { TwitchChatServiceClient } from "nodecg-io-twitch-chat";
    ```

!!! NOTE

    You can get the name of the type by using autocomplete in your editor or by
    looking it up in the service sample.

## Require the service

Now you can finally tell nodecg-io that you want to get access to a service
using the `requireService` function. You'll have to pass your NodeCG instance
which is used to identify your bundle and the name of the service you want. In
case of TypeScript you'll also need to provide the type of the service.

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    const twitchChat = requireService<TwitchChatServiceClient>(nodecg, "twitch-chat");
    ```

=== "JavaScript"

    ```javascript
    const twitchChat = requireService(nodecg, "twitch-chat");
    ```

## Accessing the service client

### Using `onAvailable` and `onUnavailable` handlers

You can set up handlers that are executed when the user assigns a service
instance to your bundle, removes the assignment or when the service client got
updated in some way.

Handlers added with `onAvailable` will get called if there was a change, and you
got a client:

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    // This is the variable with the return value of requireService().
    // You may want to change the variable name for the service you are using.
    twitchChat.onAvailable((client) => {
        nodecg.log.info("Client was set");
        // You can use the passed client in here to e.g. setup handlers on the client
    });
    ```

`onAvailable` is especially useful to add event handlers to clients. E.g., if
you want to react to donations or chat messages you can add event handlers for
these here.

Handlers added with `onUnavailable` will get called if the user unassigned your
bundle from service instance or if there was an error in service client
creation:

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    twitchChat.onUnavailable(() => {
        nodecg.log.info("Client was unset");
    });
    ```

### Using `getClient`

Instead of callbacks you can also get access to the client directly:

=== "TypeScript"

    ```typescript
    const twitchChatClient = twitchChat.getClient();
    ```

`getClient` will return the client if your bundle has an assigned service
instance that has produced a service client without error and will return
`undefined` otherwise. This is useful for when you want to use the client due to
some external event or from `onAvailable` handlers of other services.
