docs/samples/github.md, before:

## Using the GitHub sample bundle

The GitHub example bundle in `samples/github` demonstrates the ability to access
the GitHub rest API. Here is a guide to how to get it working.

### Prerequisites

You will need a working `nodecg-io` installation. If you have non yet take a
look at [installation guide](../getting_started/install.md). You may need to
install this bundle, so take a look at the
[“Try an included sample”](../getting_started/try_example_bundle.md)-Guide. It
will also tell you how to log in and how to use the GUI.

**You also need:**

-   A GitHub token

_Note:_ If you don't have a token yet, you can create one
[here](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new). The token requires at least the
`repo` scope.

### Configure the GitHub sample bundle

1. In NodeCG, create a new GitHub service instance using the left upper menu.
2. Enter the GitHub token.  
   The created instance should be automatically selected, if not select it in
   the upper left menu. Enter your GitHub token in monaco (the text-editor on
   the right) in this format:

    ```json
    {
        "token": "abcdef...."
    }
    ```

    After entering it, click save.

3. Set the created GitHub service instance to the service dependency of the
   GitHub bundle.  
   Select the GitHub bundle and the GitHub service in the left bottom menu. Then
   select the service instance that should be used by the GitHub sample bundle
   (in this case the name of the previously created GitHub instance).

4. Check the NodeCG logs  
   You should see an error or a success message and a list of all your
   repositories.

Commit message:

Simplify the sample bundles even further
- Remove mentions of monaco & automatic selection
- Revise descriptions of setting dependencies in the GUI

    Tim

Signed-off-by: Tim_Tech_Dev <Tim_Tech_Dev@protonmail.com>

docs/samples/github.md, after:

## Using the GitHub sample bundle

The GitHub example bundle in `samples/github` demonstrates the ability to access
the GitHub rest API. Here is a guide to how to get it working.

### Prerequisites

You will need a working `nodecg-io` installation. If you have non yet take a
look at [installation guide](../getting_started/install.md). You may need to
install this bundle, so take a look at the
[“Try an included sample”](../getting_started/try_example_bundle.md)-Guide. It
will also tell you how to log in and how to use the GUI.

**You also need:**

-   A GitHub token

_Note:_ If you don't have a token yet, you can create one
[here](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new). The token requires at least the
`repo` scope.

### Configure the GitHub sample bundle

1. In NodeCG, create a new GitHub service instance.
2. Enter the GitHub token:

    ```json
    {
        "token": "abcdef...."
    }
    ```

    After entering it, click save.

3. Set the sample's (`github`) dependency to be the newly created service
   instance (of type `github`).
4. Check the NodeCG logs:

    You should see an error or a success message and a list of all your
    repositories.
