docs/samples/sql.md, before:

## Using the SQL sample bundle

The SQL example bundle in `samples/sql` demonstrates the ability to access
databases. Here is a guide to how to get it working.

### Prerequisites

You will need a working `nodecg-io` installation. If you have non yet take a
look at [installation guide](../getting_started/install.md). You may need to
install this bundle, so take a look at the
[“Try an included sample”](../getting_started/try_example_bundle.md)-Guide. It
will also tell you how to log in and how to use the GUI.

**You also need:**

-   A database supported by [knex](https://knexjs.org/#Installation)

_Note:_ If you don't have a database yet and just want to test things you can
use sqlite3 and don't need to set up a database server. You can always move to a
different database type later.

### Configure the SQL sample bundle

1. In NodeCG, create a new SQL service instance using the left upper menu.

2. Enter configuration for SQL.

    The created instance should be automatically selected, if not select it in
    the upper left menu. Enter your used database client and a
    [knex connection object](https://knexjs.org/#Installation-client) in monaco
    (the text-editor on the right) in this format:

    ```json
    {
        "client": "mysql",
        "connection": {
            "host": "localhost",
            ...
        }
    }
    ```

    After entering it, click save.

3. Set the created SQL service instance to the service dependency of the SQL
   sample bundle.

    Select the SQL sample bundle and the SQL service in the left bottom menu.
    Then select the service instance that should be used by the SQL sample
    bundle (in this case the name of the previously created SQL instance).

4. Check the NodeCG logs

    Your first run of the sample bundle will probably fail because your database
    doesn't contain the used tables. Check `samples/sql/extension/index.ts` and
    create the tables as used or create your own tables and adapt the sample
    accordingly. You can also use this code as a reference on how to use the SQL
    client to do your queries.

Commit message:

Simplify the sample bundles even further
- Remove mentions of monaco & automatic selection
- Revise descriptions of setting dependencies in the GUI

    Tim

Signed-off-by: Tim_Tech_Dev <Tim_Tech_Dev@protonmail.com>

docs/samples/sql.md, after:

## Using the SQL sample bundle

The SQL example bundle in `samples/sql` demonstrates the ability to access
databases. Here is a guide to how to get it working.

### Prerequisites

You will need a working `nodecg-io` installation. If you have non yet take a
look at [installation guide](../getting_started/install.md). You may need to
install this bundle, so take a look at the
[“Try an included sample”](../getting_started/try_example_bundle.md)-Guide. It
will also tell you how to log in and how to use the GUI.

**You also need:**

-   A database supported by [knex](https://knexjs.org/#Installation)

_Note:_ If you don't have a database yet and just want to test things you can
use sqlite3 and don't need to set up a database server. You can always move to a
different database type later.

### Configure the SQL sample bundle

1. In NodeCG, create a new SQL service instance.

2. Enter your used database client and a
   [knex connection object](https://knexjs.org/#Installation-client) for SQL:

    ```json
    {
        "client": "mysql",
        "connection": {
            "host": "localhost",
            ...
        }
    }
    ```

    After entering it, click save.

3. Set the sample's (`sql`) dependency to be the newly created service instance
   (of type `sql`).

4. Check the NodeCG logs:

    Your first run of the sample bundle will probably fail because your database
    doesn't contain the used tables. Check `samples/sql/extension/index.ts` and
    create the tables as used or create your own tables and adapt the sample
    accordingly. You can also use this code as a reference on how to use the SQL
    client to do your queries.
