docs/samples/tiane.md, before:

## Using the TIANE-Discord sample bundle

The TIANE-Discord example bundle in `samples/tiane-discord` shows how to make
TIANE act as a discord bot. TIANE is a German open source smart home assistant
written in python. Here is a guide to how to get it working.

### Prerequisites

You will need a working `nodecg-io` installation. If you have non yet take a
look at [installation guide](../getting_started/install.md). You may need to
install this bundle, so take a look at the
[“Try an included sample”](../getting_started/try_example_bundle.md)-Guide. It
will also tell you how to log in and how to use the GUI.

**You also need:**

-   A working [TIANE](https://github.com/FerdiKr/TIANE) server installation. (No
    room client required)
-   a Discord Bot token

_Note:_ If you don't Discord Bot token yet, you can follow
[this](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.html)
guide.

### Configure the TIANE sample bundle

1. Edit the file `samples/tiane-discord/extension/index.ts`. Look for this line:

    ```ts
    const discordChannel = ""; // Insert channel for the discord bot here
    ```

    Put the channel ID of a discord channel where you want to talk to TIANE
    between the quotation marks. See
    [here](https://github.com/Chikachi/DiscordIntegration/wiki/How-to-get-a-token-and-channel-ID-for-Discord)
    to find out how to get a channel ID.

2. Run `npm run build` in the main nodecg-io directory.
3. Edit the file `server/TIANE_config.json` on your TIANE server:

    ```json
    {
        "websocket": "enabled",
        "websocket_port": 19526,
        "websocket_timeout": 20
    }
    ```

    Make sure `websocket` is either set to `enabled` or `secure` and set a port
    of your desire.

4. In the NodeCG dashboard, create a new TIANE service instance using the left
   upper menu.

5. Enter address of the TIANE-Server

    The created instance should be automatically selected, if not select it in
    the upper left menu. Enter host and port you just set in
    `server/TIANE_config.json` in this format:

    ```json
    {
        "address": "127.0.0.1:19526"
    }
    ```

    After entering it, click save.

6. Create a new Discord service instance. (See the [Discord Sample](discord.md)
   on how to do this)

7. Set the created TIANE and Discord service instances to the service dependency
   of the TIANE-Discord bundle.

    Select the TIANE-Discord bundle and the TIANE service in the left bottom
    menu. Then select the service instance that should be used by the
    TIANE-Discord bundle (in this case the name of the previously created twitch
    instance). Then do the same for the discord bundle.

8. Ping your discord bot in the channel you set in the first step and ask TIANE
   something.

Commit message:

Simplify the sample bundles even further
- Remove mentions of monaco & automatic selection
- Revise descriptions of setting dependencies in the GUI

    Tim

Signed-off-by: Tim_Tech_Dev <Tim_Tech_Dev@protonmail.com>

docs/samples/tiane.md, after:

## Using the TIANE-Discord sample bundle

The TIANE-Discord example bundle in `samples/tiane-discord` shows how to make
TIANE act as a discord bot. TIANE is a German open source smart home assistant
written in python. Here is a guide to how to get it working.

### Prerequisites

You will need a working `nodecg-io` installation. If you have non yet take a
look at [installation guide](../getting_started/install.md). You may need to
install this bundle, so take a look at the
[“Try an included sample”](../getting_started/try_example_bundle.md)-Guide. It
will also tell you how to log in and how to use the GUI.

**You also need:**

-   A working [TIANE](https://github.com/FerdiKr/TIANE) server installation. (No
    room client required)
-   a Discord Bot token

_Note:_ If you don't Discord Bot token yet, you can follow
[this](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.html)
guide.

### Configure the TIANE sample bundle

1. Edit the file `samples/tiane-discord/extension/index.ts`. Look for this line:

    ```ts
    const discordChannel = ""; // Insert channel for the discord bot here
    ```

    Put the channel ID of a discord channel where you want to talk to TIANE
    between the quotation marks. See
    [here](https://github.com/Chikachi/DiscordIntegration/wiki/How-to-get-a-token-and-channel-ID-for-Discord)
    to find out how to get a channel ID.

2. Run `npm run build` in the main nodecg-io directory.
3. Edit the file `server/TIANE_config.json` on your TIANE server:

    ```json
    {
        "websocket": "enabled",
        "websocket_port": 19526,
        "websocket_timeout": 20
    }
    ```

    Make sure `websocket` is either set to `enabled` or `secure` and set a port
    of your desire.

4. In the NodeCG dashboard, create a new TIANE service instance.

5. Enter address of the TIANE-Server. Enter host and port you just set in
   `server/TIANE_config.json` in this format:

    ```json
    {
        "address": "127.0.0.1:19526"
    }
    ```

    After entering it, click save.

6. Create a new Discord service instance.

7. Set the sample's (`tiane-discord`) dependencies to be the newly created
   service instances (of type `tiane` & `discord`).

8. Ping your discord bot in the channel you set in the first step and ask TIANE
   something.
