docs/samples/youtube.md, before:

## Using the YouTube sample bundle

The YouTube bundle in `samples/youtube-playlist` demonstrates the ability of
getting information of a playlist. Here is a guide to how to get it working.

### Prerequisites

You will need a working `nodecg-io` installation. If you have non yet take a
look at [installation guide](../getting_started/install.md). You may need to
install this bundle, so take a look at the
[“Try an included sample”](../getting_started/try_example_bundle.md)-Guide. It
will also tell you how to log in and how to use the GUI.

**You also need:**

-   Google cloud API OAuth access (client ID, client Secret)
-   Grant `YouTube Data API v3` access at the project's dashboard.
    -   Shortcut URL:
        <https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library/youtube.googleapis.com?project=<project-id>>

_Note:_ If you don't have such a key yet, you can generate them like
[this](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/web-server#creatingcred).
As redirect URI add <http://localhost:9090/nodecg-io-googleapis/oauth2callback>.

### Configure the YouTube sample bundle

1. In NodeCG, create a new googleapis service instance using the left upper
   menu.

2. Enter credentials for googleapis.

    The created instance should be automatically selected, if not select it in
    the upper left menu. Enter your YouTube OAuth credentials in monaco (the
    text-editor on the right) in this format:

    ```json
    {
        "clientID": "<clientID>",
        "clientSecret": "<clientSecret>",
        "scopes": ["https://www.googleapis.com/auth/youtube"]
    }
    ```

    After entering it, click save.

    _Note:_ You can add multiple scopes if the googleapis instance is used for
    multiple bundles.

3. Set the created googleapis service instance to the service dependency of the
   YouTube bundle.

    Select the YouTube bundle and the googleapis service in the left bottom
    menu. Then select the service instance that should be used by the YouTube
    bundle (in this case the name of the previously created googleapis
    instance).

4. Check the NodeCG logs

    You should see an error or a success message that is hardcoded in
    `samples/youtube-playlist/extension/index.ts`.

Commit message:

Simplify the sample bundles even further
- Remove mentions of monaco & automatic selection
- Revise descriptions of setting dependencies in the GUI

    Tim

Signed-off-by: Tim_Tech_Dev <Tim_Tech_Dev@protonmail.com>

docs/samples/youtube.md, after:

## Using the YouTube sample bundle

The YouTube bundle in `samples/youtube-playlist` demonstrates the ability of
getting information of a playlist. Here is a guide to how to get it working.

### Prerequisites

You will need a working `nodecg-io` installation. If you have non yet take a
look at [installation guide](../getting_started/install.md). You may need to
install this bundle, so take a look at the
[“Try an included sample”](../getting_started/try_example_bundle.md)-Guide. It
will also tell you how to log in and how to use the GUI.

**You also need:**

-   Google cloud API OAuth access (client ID, client Secret)
-   Grant `YouTube Data API v3` access at the project's dashboard.
    -   Shortcut URL:
        <https://console.developers.google.com/apis/library/youtube.googleapis.com?project=<project-id>>

_Note:_ If you don't have such a key yet, you can generate them like
[this](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/web-server#creatingcred).
As redirect URI add <http://localhost:9090/nodecg-io-googleapis/oauth2callback>.

### Configure the YouTube sample bundle

1. In NodeCG, create a new googleapis service instance.

2. Enter your YouTube OAuth credentials:

    ```json
    {
        "clientID": "<clientID>",
        "clientSecret": "<clientSecret>",
        "scopes": ["https://www.googleapis.com/auth/youtube"]
    }
    ```

    After entering it, click save.

    _Note:_ You can add multiple scopes if the googleapis instance is used for
    multiple bundles.

3. Set the sample's (`youtube-playlist`) dependency to be the newly created
   service instance (of type `googleapis`).

4. Check the NodeCG logs:

    You should see an error or a success message that is hardcoded in
    `samples/youtube-playlist/extension/index.ts`.
