docs/services.md, before:

<!-- This file is auto-generated. Do not change anything here -->
# Available nodecg-io services

## [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core)

**The core of nodecg-io. Connects everything up.**

Depends on [ajv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ajv) @ ^6.12.6 <br>
Depends on [crypto-js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/crypto-js) @ ^4.0.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-ahk](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-ahk)

**Allows you to send commands to AutoHotkey.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/ahk.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [node-fetch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) @ ^2.6.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-discord](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-discord)

**Allows to connect to discord via a discord-bot.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/discord.md)

Depends on [discord.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js) @ ^12.5.1 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-intellij](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-intellij)

**Allows to control JetBrains IDEs via nodecg-io**

See the [sample implementation](samples/intellij.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [node-fetch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) @ ^2.6.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-irc](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-irc)

**Allow to connect to IRC Servers.**

There's no sample implementation for this service yet.

Depends on [@types/irc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/irc) @ ^0.3.33 <br>
Depends on [irc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/irc) @ ^0.5.2 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-midi-input](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-midi-input)

**Connect to MIDI devices and control the volume of your voice or music with a fader.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/midi-input.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [easymidi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/easymidi) @ ^2.0.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-midi-output](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-midi-output)

**Connect to MIDI devices and control the volume of your voice or music with a fader.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/midi-output.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [easymidi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/easymidi) @ ^2.0.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-obs](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-obs)

**Allows to control your obs instance to e.g. switch scenes.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/obs.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [obs-websocket-js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/obs-websocket-js) @ ^4.0.2 <br>

## [nodecg-io-philipshue](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-philipshue)

**Allows you to connect with your Philips Hue bridge. This allows you to control your lights etc.**

There's no sample implementation for this service yet.

Depends on [is-ip](https://www.npmjs.com/package/is-ip) @ ^3.1.0 <br>
Depends on [node-hue-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-hue-api) @ ^4.0.9 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-rcon](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-rcon)

**Allows you to send commands to a minecraft server via RCON.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/rcon.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [rcon-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rcon-client) @ ^4.2.3 <br>

## [nodecg-io-reddit](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-reddit)

**Provides an interface to the Reddit-API.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/reddit.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [reddit-ts](https://www.npmjs.com/package/reddit-ts) @ noeppi-noeppi/npm-reddit-ts#build <br>

## [nodecg-io-sacn-receiver](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-sacn-receiver)

**Allows you to receive data via sACN from e.g professional lighting consoles.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/sacn-receiver.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [sacn](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sacn) @ ^3.2.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-sacn-sender](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-sacn-sender)

**Allows you to send data via sACN to e.g professional lights.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/sacn-sender.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [sacn](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sacn) @ ^3.2.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-serial](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-serial)

**Exposes serial deivces to nodecg-io**

See the [sample implementation](samples/serial.md)

Depends on [@types/serialport](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/serialport) @ ^8.0.1 <br>
Depends on [@serialport/parser-readline](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@serialport/parser-readline) @ ^9.0.1 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [serialport](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serialport) @ ^9.0.3 <br>

## [nodecg-io-slack](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-slack)

**Allows to connect to your slack. This enables you to e.g. send messages and list all channel. Visit https://api.slack.com/methods to see all methods **

See the [sample implementation](samples/slack.md)

Depends on [@slack/web-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@slack/web-api) @ ^5.14.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-spotify](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-spotify)

**Allows to connect to your personal Spotify account. This enables you to e.g. control music playback or get current song information. **

See the [sample implementation](samples/spotify.md)

Depends on [@types/spotify-web-api-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/spotify-web-api-node) @ ^4.0.2 <br>
Depends on [express](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express) @ ^4.17.1 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [open](https://www.npmjs.com/package/open) @ ^7.3.0 <br>
Depends on [spotify-web-api-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/spotify-web-api-node) @ ^5.0.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-streamdeck](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-streamdeck)

**Allows to interface with the elgato streamdeck.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/streamdeck.md)

Depends on [elgato-stream-deck](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elgato-stream-deck) @ ^3.3.5 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-streamelements](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-streamelements)

**Allows to connect to streamelements to e.g. react to donations.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/streamelements.md)

Depends on [@types/socket.io-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/socket.io-client) @ ^1.4.34 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [socket.io-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/socket.io-client) @ ^2.3.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-telegram](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-telegram)

**Allows you to control a telegram bot.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/telegram.md)

Depends on [@types/node-telegram-bot-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/node-telegram-bot-api) @ ^0.51.0 <br>
Depends on [node-telegram-bot-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-telegram-bot-api) @ ^0.51.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-tiane](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-tiane)

**Connect to TIANE and make her for example a discord bot. https://github.com/FerdiKr/TIANE**

See the [sample implementation](samples/tiane.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ws) @ ^7.4.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-twitch-chat](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-twitch-chat)

**Allows to connect to the twitch chat with your account, send and receive messages and much more. It can be used to create Twitch-Bots.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/twitch-chat.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [twitch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch) @ ^4.3.6 <br>
Depends on [twitch-auth](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch-auth) @ ^4.3.6 <br>
Depends on [twitch-chat-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch-chat-client) @ ^4.3.6 <br>

## [nodecg-io-twitch-pubsub](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-twitch-pubsub)

**Allows access to the Twitch PubSub API.**

There's no sample implementation for this service yet.

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [twitch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch) @ ^4.3.6 <br>
Depends on [twitch-pubsub-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch-pubsub-client) @ ^4.3.6 <br>

## [nodecg-io-twitter](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-twitter)

**Allows to connect to twitter, send, retweet or like messages.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/twitter.md)

Depends on [@types/twitter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/twitter) @ ^1.7.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [twitter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitter) @ ^1.7.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-websocket-client](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-websocket-client)

**Allows to connect to a external WebSocket server.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/websocket-client.md)

Depends on [@types/ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/ws) @ ^7.4.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ws) @ ^7.4.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-websocket-server](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-websocket-server)

**Allows to create a custom WebSocket server.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/websocket-server.md)

Depends on [@types/ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/ws) @ ^7.4.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ws) @ ^7.4.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-xdotool](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-xdotool)

**Allows you to send commands to xdotool.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/xdotool.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [node-fetch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) @ ^2.6.1 <br>
Depends on [@rauschma/stringio](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rauschma/stringio) @ ^1.4.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-youtube](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-youtube)

**Allows to connect and interact to youtube**

See the [sample implementation](samples/youtube.md)

Depends on [@types/gapi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/gapi) @ 0.0.39 <br>
Depends on [express](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express) @ ^4.17.1 <br>
Depends on [googleapis](https://www.npmjs.com/package/googleapis) @ ^66.0.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [open](https://www.npmjs.com/package/open) @ ^7.3.0 <br>

Commit message:

Update generated documentation ( codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io@56c4889af81e9d8964d07398bcd589fdb07ec5cc)

docs/services.md, after:

<!-- This file is auto-generated. Do not change anything here -->
# Available nodecg-io services

## [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core)

**The core of nodecg-io. Connects everything up.**

Depends on [ajv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ajv) @ ^6.12.6 <br>
Depends on [crypto-js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/crypto-js) @ ^4.0.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-ahk](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-ahk)

**Allows you to send commands to AutoHotkey.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/ahk.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [node-fetch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) @ ^2.6.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-android](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-android)

**Allows to connect to an android device via adb.**

There's no sample implementation for this service yet.

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [@rauschma/stringio](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rauschma/stringio) @ ^1.4.0 <br>
Depends on [get-stream](https://www.npmjs.com/package/get-stream) @ 6.0.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-discord](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-discord)

**Allows to connect to discord via a discord-bot.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/discord.md)

Depends on [discord.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js) @ ^12.5.1 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-intellij](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-intellij)

**Allows to control JetBrains IDEs via nodecg-io**

See the [sample implementation](samples/intellij.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [node-fetch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) @ ^2.6.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-irc](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-irc)

**Allow to connect to IRC Servers.**

There's no sample implementation for this service yet.

Depends on [@types/irc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/irc) @ ^0.3.33 <br>
Depends on [irc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/irc) @ ^0.5.2 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-midi-input](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-midi-input)

**Connect to MIDI devices and control the volume of your voice or music with a fader.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/midi-input.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [easymidi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/easymidi) @ ^2.0.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-midi-output](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-midi-output)

**Connect to MIDI devices and control the volume of your voice or music with a fader.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/midi-output.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [easymidi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/easymidi) @ ^2.0.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-obs](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-obs)

**Allows to control your obs instance to e.g. switch scenes.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/obs.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [obs-websocket-js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/obs-websocket-js) @ ^4.0.2 <br>

## [nodecg-io-philipshue](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-philipshue)

**Allows you to connect with your Philips Hue bridge. This allows you to control your lights etc.**

There's no sample implementation for this service yet.

Depends on [is-ip](https://www.npmjs.com/package/is-ip) @ ^3.1.0 <br>
Depends on [node-hue-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-hue-api) @ ^4.0.9 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-rcon](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-rcon)

**Allows you to send commands to a minecraft server via RCON.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/rcon.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [rcon-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rcon-client) @ ^4.2.3 <br>

## [nodecg-io-reddit](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-reddit)

**Provides an interface to the Reddit-API.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/reddit.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [reddit-ts](https://www.npmjs.com/package/reddit-ts) @ noeppi-noeppi/npm-reddit-ts#build <br>

## [nodecg-io-sacn-receiver](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-sacn-receiver)

**Allows you to receive data via sACN from e.g professional lighting consoles.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/sacn-receiver.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [sacn](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sacn) @ ^3.2.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-sacn-sender](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-sacn-sender)

**Allows you to send data via sACN to e.g professional lights.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/sacn-sender.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [sacn](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sacn) @ ^3.2.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-serial](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-serial)

**Exposes serial deivces to nodecg-io**

See the [sample implementation](samples/serial.md)

Depends on [@types/serialport](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/serialport) @ ^8.0.1 <br>
Depends on [@serialport/parser-readline](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@serialport/parser-readline) @ ^9.0.1 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [serialport](https://www.npmjs.com/package/serialport) @ ^9.0.3 <br>

## [nodecg-io-slack](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-slack)

**Allows to connect to your slack. This enables you to e.g. send messages and list all channel. Visit https://api.slack.com/methods to see all methods **

See the [sample implementation](samples/slack.md)

Depends on [@slack/web-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@slack/web-api) @ ^5.14.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-spotify](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-spotify)

**Allows to connect to your personal Spotify account. This enables you to e.g. control music playback or get current song information. **

See the [sample implementation](samples/spotify.md)

Depends on [@types/spotify-web-api-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/spotify-web-api-node) @ ^4.0.2 <br>
Depends on [express](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express) @ ^4.17.1 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [open](https://www.npmjs.com/package/open) @ ^7.3.0 <br>
Depends on [spotify-web-api-node](https://www.npmjs.com/package/spotify-web-api-node) @ ^5.0.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-streamdeck](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-streamdeck)

**Allows to interface with the elgato streamdeck.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/streamdeck.md)

Depends on [elgato-stream-deck](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elgato-stream-deck) @ ^3.3.5 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-streamelements](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-streamelements)

**Allows to connect to streamelements to e.g. react to donations.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/streamelements.md)

Depends on [@types/socket.io-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/socket.io-client) @ ^1.4.34 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [socket.io-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/socket.io-client) @ ^2.3.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-telegram](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-telegram)

**Allows you to control a telegram bot.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/telegram.md)

Depends on [@types/node-telegram-bot-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/node-telegram-bot-api) @ ^0.51.0 <br>
Depends on [node-telegram-bot-api](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-telegram-bot-api) @ ^0.51.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-tiane](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-tiane)

**Connect to TIANE and make her for example a discord bot. https://github.com/FerdiKr/TIANE**

See the [sample implementation](samples/tiane.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ws) @ ^7.4.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-twitch-chat](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-twitch-chat)

**Allows to connect to the twitch chat with your account, send and receive messages and much more. It can be used to create Twitch-Bots.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/twitch-chat.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [twitch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch) @ ^4.3.6 <br>
Depends on [twitch-auth](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch-auth) @ ^4.3.6 <br>
Depends on [twitch-chat-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch-chat-client) @ ^4.3.6 <br>

## [nodecg-io-twitch-pubsub](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-twitch-pubsub)

**Allows access to the Twitch PubSub API.**

There's no sample implementation for this service yet.

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [twitch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch) @ ^4.3.6 <br>
Depends on [twitch-pubsub-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitch-pubsub-client) @ ^4.3.6 <br>

## [nodecg-io-twitter](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-twitter)

**Allows to connect to twitter, send, retweet or like messages.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/twitter.md)

Depends on [@types/twitter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/twitter) @ ^1.7.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [twitter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/twitter) @ ^1.7.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-websocket-client](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-websocket-client)

**Allows to connect to a external WebSocket server.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/websocket-client.md)

Depends on [@types/ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/ws) @ ^7.4.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ws) @ ^7.4.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-websocket-server](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-websocket-server)

**Allows to create a custom WebSocket server.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/websocket-server.md)

Depends on [@types/ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/ws) @ ^7.4.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ws) @ ^7.4.1 <br>

## [nodecg-io-xdotool](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-xdotool)

**Allows you to send commands to xdotool.**

See the [sample implementation](samples/xdotool.md)

Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [node-fetch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) @ ^2.6.1 <br>
Depends on [@rauschma/stringio](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rauschma/stringio) @ ^1.4.0 <br>

## [nodecg-io-youtube](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-youtube)

**Allows to connect and interact to youtube**

See the [sample implementation](samples/youtube.md)

Depends on [@types/gapi](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/gapi) @ 0.0.39 <br>
Depends on [express](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express) @ ^4.17.1 <br>
Depends on [googleapis](https://www.npmjs.com/package/googleapis) @ ^66.0.0 <br>
Depends on [nodecg-io-core](https://github.com/codeoverflow-org/nodecg-io/tree/master/nodecg-io-core) @ ^0.1.0 <br>
Depends on [open](https://www.npmjs.com/package/open) @ ^7.3.0 <br>
